MongoDB 6.0 Reference Guide (#653)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/mongodb/mongodb-connector-6-0-reference.adoc

= MongoDB Connector Reference - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

MongoDB Connector v6.0

> Anypoint Connector for MongoDB (MongoDB Connector) is a closed-source connector that provides a connection between the Mule runtime and third-party software on a MongoDB server.

Reviewer: Mule or Mule runtime engine

Release Notes: xref:release-notes::connector/mongodb-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc[MongoDB Connector Release Notes]

== Configurations
---
[[config]]
=== Config

==== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | The name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Connection a| <<config_connection, Connection>>
 | The connection types to provide to this configuration. | | x
| Read Concern a| Enumeration, one of:

** LOCAL
** AVAILABLE
** MAJORITY
** LINEARIZABLE
** SNAPSHOT |  Enables you to control the consistency and isolation properties of the data read from replica sets and replica set shards. |  |
| Read Preference a| Enumeration, one of:

** PRIMARY
** PRIMARY_PREFERED
** SECONDARY
** SECONDARY_PREFERRED
** NEAREST |  Specifies the read preferences for this connection. |  PRIMARY |

> | Maximum Staleness Seconds a| Number |  Specifies, in seconds, how stale a secondary can be before the client stops using it for read operations. |  -1 |

Reviewer: A secondary? Secondary what?

| Read Preference Tags a| Array of <<ReadPreferenceTag>> |  If replica set members are associated with tags, you can specify a tag set (array of tag specification documents) in the read preference to target those members. |  |
| Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the platform expires the instance at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. Mule purges the instances as appropriate. |  |

> | Write Concern Acknowledgment a| String |  Requests acknowledgment that the write operation has propagated to the specified number of Mongod instances. You can write a number of instances n>0 or use a value from the list. |  |

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is meant to be mongod or MongoDB, but I'm guessing MongoDB since it is talking about instances.

> | Write Concern Timeout a| Number |  This option specifies a time limit, in milliseconds, for the write concern. The option applies to Write Concern Acknowledgment values greater than 1. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Write Concern Timeout a| Number |  This option specifies a time limit, in milliseconds, for the Write Concern. The option applies to Write Concern Acknowledgment values greater than 1. |  |
```

** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  The Timeunit for the Write Concern Timeout. |  SECONDS |
|===

==== Connection Types

[[config_connection]]
===== Connection

====== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Servers (host:port) a| Array of <<ServerAddress>> |  The server where your MongoDB instance is located. You can specify multiple servers. |  | x
| Database a| String |  Specify the database name to which you want to connect. |  | x
| Username a| String |  The username to use for authentication. |  |
| Password a| String |  The password to use for authentication. If you don't want to use authentication, the password and username must both be empty.  |  |
| Replica Set Name a| String |  The name of the replica set to which to connect. Use this field to connect to a MongoDB cluster.  |  |
| Authentication Source a| String |  |  |
| Compressors a| Array of String |  List of compressors to enable network compression for communication between this client and a mongod/mongos instance. If you specify multiple compressors, then the order in which you list the compressors matter as well as the communication initiator. |  |

> | Zlib Compression Level a| Number |  An integer that specifies the compression level if using zlib for network compression. 0 means No Compression. 1 through 9 are the compression levels, with 1 being the lowest compression level, and 9 the highest. (and more processing time) |  -1 |

Reviewer: Not sure what this (and more processing time) refers to. Does that mean if you specify 9 (highest compression) it takes more time to process?

* <<dropDatabase>>
* <<dropIndex>>
* <<dump>>
* <<executeCommand>>
* <<findDocuments>>
* <<findFiles>>
* <<getFileContent>>
* <<insertDocument>>
* <<insertDocuments>>
* <<listCollections>>
* <<listIndexes>>
* <<mapReduce>>
* <<removeDocuments>>
* <<removeFiles>>
* <<restoreFromDirectory>>
* <<restoreFromFile>>
* <<updateDocuments>>

== Input Sources
* <<object-listener>>

== Operations

[[addUser]]
=== Add User
`<mongo:add-user>`

Adds a new user for this db

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Username a| String |  Name of the user |  | x
| Password a| String |  Password to use for authentication |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[collectionExists]]
=== Collection Exists
`<mongo:collection-exists>`

> Answers if a collection exists given its name

Reviewer: Answers if a collection with the specified name exists.  ?

| Collection Name a| String |  The name of the collection |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Boolean
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[countDocuments]]
=== Count Documents
`<mongo:count-documents>`

Counts the number of documents that match the given query. If no query is passed, the operation returns the number of elements in the collection.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Collection Name a| String |  The target collection |  | x

> | Query a| Binary |  The optional query for counting documents. Only documents matching it will be counted. If unspecified, all documents are counted. The value can be: {"field1": "value1"}, or it can contain operators { "field1": { $gte: 1, $lt:  10 } }.|  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Query a| Binary |  The optional query for counting documents. Only documents that match the query are counted. If unspecified, all documents are counted. The value can be: {"field1": "value1"}, or it can contain operators { "field1": { $gte: 1, $lt:  10 } }.|  |
```

| Collection Size Data Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB |  Data Unit of the Collection Size parameter, in bytes by default |  BYTE |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[createFile]]
=== Create File
`<mongo:create-file>`

Creates a new file in the database, saving the specified content, filename, contentType, and extraData.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Content a| Binary |  The content of the new file. This content is an InputStream. |  #[payload] | x
| Filename a| String |  The name of new file |  | x
| Metadata a| Binary |  A JSON object that holds information to store. |  |
| Streaming Strategy a|

* <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>

> * non-repeatable-stream |  Indicates whether repeatable streams should be used and if so, their behaviour |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* non-repeatable-stream |  Indicates whether to use repeatable streams  |  |
```

| Collection Name a| String |  The name of the collection to drop |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[dropDatabase]]
=== Drop Database
`<mongo:drop-database>`

Drop the current database.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Database Name a| String |  The name of the database to drop. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[dropIndex]]
=== Drop Index
`<mongo:drop-index>`

> Drops an existing index

Reviewer: Even though it's not a complete sentence, the other short intros have periods. I would make it a complete sentence, but that's up to you.

| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Binary
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[findDocuments]]
=== Find Documents
`<mongo:find-documents>`

Finds all documents that match a given query. If no query is specified, all documents of the collection are retrieved. If no fields object is specified, all fields are retrieved.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Query a| Binary |  The optional query for finding documents. If unspecified, all documents are retrieved. Values can be: {"field1": "value1"} or can contain operators { "field1": { $gte: 1, $lt: 10 } }.|  |

> | Sort By a| Binary |  Enables you to sort the result list. A file can only be sorted by file_id or uploadDate. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sort By a| Binary |  Enables you to sort the result list. A file can be sorted only by file_id or uploadDate. |  |
```

| Page Size a| Number |  Size of documents of each page to return |  100 |
| Limit a| Number |  Limit of documents to return. |  |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-iterable>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-iterable>>
* non-repeatable-iterable |  Configure to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Collection Name a| String |  |  | x
| Fields a| String |  |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of Binary
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[findFiles]]
=== Find Files
`<mongo:find-files>`

> Lists all files that match the given query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all files that match the given query.
```

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Query a| Binary |  The query object used to list all files. Values can be {"field1": "value1"} or can contain operators { "field1": { $gte: 1, $lt: 10 } }. ||

> | Sort a| Binary |  Enables you to sort the result list. A file can only be sorted by file_id or uploadDate. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sort a| Binary |  Enables you to sort the result list. A file can be sorted only by file_id or uploadDate. |  |
```

* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[getFileContent]]
=== Get File Content
`<mongo:get-file-content>`

Gets an InputStream to the content of the file specified by File Id.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| File Id a| Binary |  The mandatory file ID. |  #[payload] |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|*Type* a| Any
|*Attributes Type* a| Binary
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[insertDocument]]
=== Insert Document
`<mongo:insert-document>`

> Insert a document in a collection. If you don't use the _id field to specify an object, MongoDB automatically generates one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insert a document in a collection. If you don't use the `_id` field to specify an object, MongoDB automatically generates one.
```

Author: Leaving the field as is. Backticks are not used for field names in this doc.

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Collection Name a| String |  The name of the collection where to insert the given document. |  | x
| Document a| Binary |  The document to insert |  #[payload] |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure to use repeatable streams. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Binary
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[insertDocuments]]
=== Insert Documents
`<mongo:insert-documents>`

> Insert a document in a collection. If you don't use the _id field to specify an object, MongoDB automatically generates one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insert a document in a collection. If you don't use the `_id` field to specify an object, MongoDB automatically generates one.
```

| Documents a| Binary |  The list of the documents to insert. |  #[payload] |
| Write Ordered a| Boolean |  Indicates if the list of documents will be executed in order. If set to true and an error occurs during the processing of one of the write operations, MongoDB returns without processing any remaining write operations in the list. |  false |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<BulkOperationResult>>
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[listCollections]]
=== List Collections
`<mongo:list-collections>`

> Lists names of collections available at this database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists names of collections available on this database.
```

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Collection Name a| String |  The name of the collection |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of <<Index>>
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[mapReduce]]
=== Map Reduce
`<mongo:map-reduce>`

Transforms a collection into a collection of aggregated groups, as follows:
. Applies a supplied element-mapping function to each element, which transforms each element into a key-value pair
. Groups the resulting pairs by key

> . Reduces values in each group by applying a supplied 'reduce' function coded in JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Reduces values in each group by applying a supplied 'reduce' function coded in JavaScript
```

* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

[[updateDocuments]]
=== Update Documents
`<mongo:update-documents>`

Updates documents that match the specified query. If a query is not specified, all documents are retrieved. If the multi parameter is set to false, only the first document matching the query is updated. Otherwise, all documents matching the query are updated.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Collection Name a| String |  The name of the collection to update |  | x
| Query a| Binary |  The query object used to detect the element to update. The value can be: {"field1": "value1"}, or it can contain operators { "field1": { $gte: 1, $lt:  10 } }. |  |
| Content To Update a| Binary |  The object to replace the one that matches the query |  | #payload

> | Multiple Update a| Boolean |  Indicates whether or just the first document matching the query is updated |  false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Multiple Update a| Boolean |  Indicates whether only the first document matching the query is updated |  false |
```

| Upsert a| Boolean |  If set to true, creates a new document when no document matches the query criteria. The default value is false, which does not insert a new document when no match is found. |  false |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>

> * non-repeatable-stream |  Configure if repeatable streams should be used and their behaviour |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure to use repeatable streams |  |
```

| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws
* MONGO:DUPLICATE_ERROR
* MONGO:CONSISTENCY_ERROR
* MONGO:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* MONGO:NOT_FOUND
* MONGO:PERMISSIONS_DENIED
* MONGO:TIMEOUT
* MONGO:INVALID_INPUT
* MONGO:CONNECTIVITY

== Sources

[[object-listener]]
=== On Object Listener
`<mongo:object-listener>`

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Collection Name a| String |  The collection that will be watched to detect the matching documents. |  | x
| Watermark Field a| String |  The field that will queried to detect the objects that match the trigger condition. |  | x

> | Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Indicates whether this source should only be executed on the primary node when running in a cluster |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Indicates whether this source should be executed only on the primary node when running in a cluster |  |
```

|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Host a| String | The host to which you want to connect. |  | x
| Port a| Number | The port of the host to which you want to connect. | 27017 |
|===

[[Tls]]
=== Tls

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Enabled Protocols a| String | A comma-separated list of protocols enabled for this context. |  |
| Enabled Cipher Suites a| String | A comma-separated list of cipher suites enabled for this context. |  |
| Trust Store a| <<TrustStore>> |  |  |
| Key Store a| <<KeyStore>> |  |  |
| Revocation Check a| * <<standard-revocation-check>>
* <<custom-ocsp-responder>>
* <<crl-file>> |  |  |
|===

[[TrustStore]]
=== Trust Store

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Path a| String | The location (which will be resolved relative to the current classpath and file system, if possible) of the trust store. |  |
| Password a| String | The password used to protect the trust store. |  |
| Type a| String | The type of store used. |  |
| Algorithm a| String | The algorithm used by the trust store. |  |

> | Insecure a| Boolean | If true, no certificate validations are performed, which makes connections vulnerable to attacks. Use this value your own risk. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Insecure a| Boolean | If true, no certificate validations are performed, which makes connections vulnerable to attacks. Use this value at your own risk. |  |
```

| Max Buffer Size a| Number | The maximum amount of memory to use. If more than that is used then a STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED error is raised. A value lower than or equal to zero means no limit. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | The unit in which all these attributes are expressed |  |
|===

[[repeatable-file-store-stream]]
=== Repeatable File Store Stream

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| In Memory Size a| Number | Defines the maximum memory that the stream should use to keep data in memory. If more than that is consumed, the content on the disk is buffered. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | The unit in which maxInMemorySize is expressed |  |
|===

[[RedeliveryPolicy]]
=== Redelivery Policy

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Max Redelivery Count a| Number | The maximum number of times a message can be redelivered and processed unsuccessfully before triggering process-failed-message |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Redelivery Count a| Number | The maximum number of times a message can be redelivered and processed unsuccessfully before triggering a process-failed-message |  |
```

| Use Secure Hash a| Boolean | Whether to use a secure hash algorithm to identify a redelivered message. |  |

> | Message Digest Algorithm a| String | The secure hashing algorithm to use. If not set, the default is SHA-256. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Message Digest Algorithm a| String | The secure hashing algorithm to use. If not set, the default is SHA-256. | SHA-256  |
```

> | Id Expression a| String | Defines one or more expressions to use to determine when a message has been redelivered. This property may only be set if useSecureHash is false. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Id Expression a| String | Defines one or more expressions to use to determine when a message has been redelivered. This property can be set only if `useSecureHash` is `false`. |  |
```
